README.md, before:

# chesster-app
(WIP) Android app for Chess server

## Basic architecture

- [ ] Login activity
  - [ ] Lets you login or register
  - [ ] Securely talks to server
- [ ] Match activity
  - [ ] Lists matches
  - [ ] Lists friends
  - [ ] Lets you add friends
  - [ ] Lets you accept friend requests
  - [ ] Is better than Facebook
  - [ ] Lets you start matches
  - [ ] Lets you accept matches
  - [ ] Lets you spectate on matches
  - [ ] Lets you look at previous matches
- [ ] Match start activity
  - [ ] Lets you set time limits
  - [ ] Lets you set who can play on each side
  - [ ] Lets you set who can watch the match
- [ ] Game activity
  - [ ] Lets you make your move
  - [ ] Displays valid moves when you click on a piece
  - [ ] Allows you to resign
  - [ ] Allows you to ask for draw
  - [ ] Allows you to accept draw
  - [ ] Displays alerts for draw offer, resignation, check, stalemate, and checkmate near the top of the screen
  - [ ] Allows you to look at previous moves
  - [ ] Shows captured pieces near bottom
  - [ ] Updates in real time
  - [ ] (Extra) Includes timers for timed matches
  - [ ] (Extra) Sends notification when an oponent makes their move

Commit message:

Add turn indicator to requirements

README.md, after:

# chesster-app
(WIP) Android app for Chess server

## Basic architecture

- [ ] Login activity
  - [ ] Lets you login or register
  - [ ] Securely talks to server
- [ ] Match activity
  - [ ] Lists matches
  - [ ] Lists friends
  - [ ] Lets you add friends
  - [ ] Lets you accept friend requests
  - [ ] Is better than Facebook
  - [ ] Lets you start matches
  - [ ] Lets you accept matches
  - [ ] Lets you spectate on matches
  - [ ] Lets you look at previous matches
- [ ] Match start activity
  - [ ] Lets you set time limits
  - [ ] Lets you set who can play on each side
  - [ ] Lets you set who can watch the match
- [ ] Game activity
  - [ ] Lets you make your move
  - [ ] Shows you the last move made
  - [ ] Shows you whose turn it is
  - [ ] Displays valid moves when you click on a piece
  - [ ] Allows you to resign
  - [ ] Allows you to ask for draw
  - [ ] Allows you to accept draw
  - [ ] Displays alerts for draw offer, resignation, check, stalemate, and checkmate near the top of the screen
  - [ ] Allows you to look at previous moves
  - [ ] Shows captured pieces near bottom
  - [ ] Updates in real time
  - [ ] (Extra) Includes timers for timed matches
  - [ ] (Extra) Sends notification when an oponent makes their move
